I have 25 agents running 24/7
autonomously around the clock. I have a
CTO inspired by Elon Musk, a CMO
inspired by Gary Vaynerchuk, and then a
CRO inspired by Warren Buffett, and I
manage all of them from one dashboard
that I've been slowly building out and
improving on. Today, I'm going to show
you exactly how it works. So, without
squiroo, let's build. As you can see
here on the screen, here's Muddy OS. I
have different applications within it.
This is the operations application. I'm
not going to dig into these right now.
We'll save that for another video. But I
replicated, you know, a mix between
Windows and Mac, right? We put these
these icons on the top right, which
that's just the Windows guy and me. But
let's dig into the tabs, shall we? The
task manager shows off how many sessions
are running, what's idle, how many
tokens, what's the estimated cost. It
shows my model fleet that we utilize
which is Opus 4.6 for a lot of the heavy
lifting. We have a backup for Opus 4.5
anti-gravity via anti-gravity OOTH. And
then we have Gemini 3 Pro preview. We're
using GPT 5.3 codecs, Gemini 3 Flash,
and Nano Banana Pro. As you can see
here, I have a list of all active
sessions that allow me to view the
transcript of any particular session.
You go down. I have all my cron jobs in
place here. I have weekly jobs in place
here. I have an overnight log here,
which helps me just kind of briefly look
at this once a day. And if I have any
questions, concerns, or comments, I feed
it into the chat. Right. All right. The
org chart. This is where I've spent the
most time going back and forth with
different approaches, different
structures, and I I've I I believe I've
nailed the winner, right? I have me up
top, the CEO, focused on vision,
strategy, final decisions. Additionally,
I make these videos and do these live
streams. That's not going to change
anytime soon. I have my COO, Muddy.
Originally, when I made OpenClaw, I just
wanted an executive assistant, but my
vision, my imagination grew once I
learned and started testing its
capabilities. So, Muddy's focus is
research, delegation, which is a key
note. Muddy is always available to me.
He never cues prompts. He always
delegates. Always delegates. Unless of
course I tell him to do it now. Then
he'll do that task at hand. Now
execution and orchestration. Then below
we have our three department heads. We
have a CTO named Elon. Shout out Elon
Musk. We have a CMO named Gary. Shout
out Gary Vaynerchuk. And then we have a
CRO named Warren. Shout out Warren
Buffett. I'm gonna expand all just to
show you my current setup as of
recording this on February 10th. Keep in
mind I'm constantly
making improvements to this. And you
know, every week I make significant
adjustments to the way things flow. And
after a few weeks of operation, I am
very happy with where things are. But
keep in mind, things will change. So if
you want to see an updated video on this
down the road, drop a comment below. Let
me know that you like this video. Make
sure you hit like as well. So as you can
see here, I have different divisions
underneath each department. I have a
backend and security division. I have
sub aents that are assigned codeex 5.3
and opus 4.6 depending on the task. Opus
4.6 is primarily a fail safe. Same with
cipher, right? These two are my codeex
5.3 heavy sub aents. And then I have a
front-end and DevOps division with Pixel
and Sentry operating solely off of Opus
4.6. Then I have a QA division which is
just has one sub agent as of now called
audit and that's a codeex 5.3 and 4.6
Opus hybrid. Then we move over to my
marketing division. Right, Gary's
leading this one. We have a content
division. We have Rex, our YouTube
script writer, which uses a pairing of
Opus 4.6 six for the research and heavy
lifting preparing the script and then we
have sonnet 4.5 doing the output. I
found that this is an amazing pairing
with how I've configured this system.
Sage research and analysis agent is opus
4.6. Our newsletter engine is opus 4.6.
Hype which is going to automate all of
our content posting down the road. Hype,
which is essentially an automation to
posting all of our content that is
B-roll or copy based off of a long form
video, uses Sonnet 4.5.
Creative thumbnails and graphics, Opus
4.6 with a hint of Nano Banana Pro. And
then video and motion graphics, as of
now, that's Gemini 3 Pro. Now moving on
to Warren's department here, our chief
revenue officer. We have a products
subdivision with a product intelligent
scout and then product launches and
announcements herald. Right? You can see
the models being used here. Growth
community. I'm not going to dig into it.
One thing I do want to touch on though
is my community division is actually
killing it right now and it uses one of
the cheapest models out there which
which is Gemini 3 flash. It's amazing.
Now, keep in mind Clay, as you're about
to find out later in this demo, he has
its own workspace, his own brain, his
own heartbeat. So, the reason Gemini 3
Flash is working so well is because I've
fed it a ton of context so that it works
the way I want it to work. Right? So,
this is my team. This is all the agents.
It is amazing what I've been able to
accomplish with this team in place.
Today I just incorporated a standup part
of this app. These are two standups that
I created for this demonstration.
I'm starting to get a lot of people
reach out to the channel. They want me
to start either pasting links in videos
or or promoting tools. I have a very
strict rule where if I don't stand
behind a product that I think you'll
find useful, I will not promote it. It's
just I throw it out the window, right? I
have to test something thoroughly before
I even think about a partnership. And
there's a few other criteria in there.
So I had a standup earlier today with my
seuite team, right? All of my my leads
and primarily it was Muddy leading the
conversation here and they literally had
a full-on conversation back and forth as
you can see here. Then I built out this
um you know action items list where
before they take action right things are
unchecked. Once they take action I get
this. Once it's all done I can go and
review all of the changes and additions
and work done.
It is amazing right? [clears throat]
Absolutely amazing. And then one other
fun feature I incorporated into this is
I didn't use 11 Labs for this. I used an
open source model by Microsoft. But
check this out. I have a ping on
Telegram once the standup is complete
that I can listen to.
>> All right, team. Let's get into it.
Marcelo's getting inbound partnership
requests, companies wanting to pay for
links in videos, product mentions, that
kind of thing. We've never monetized, so
we need a proper pipeline, not some
janky thing we throw together. A real
pro.
>> Good. First thing I want to say, and I
cannot stress this enough, the fact that
we're getting inbound at 520 subscribers
is a signal. It means our audience
>> fact. It's very slow paced, but I'm
going to improve on the voice, right? Uh
this is version one. Well, it's version
two, right? Because at first it was all
just one static voice and I had to start
giving them personalities and and cater
them to each person. Check out Gary's
The engagement rate on our videos is way
above average for the
>> So very upbeat, speaks very quickly,
just like Gary, right? It's it's pretty
cool. I love it. So yeah, literally they
have a conversation without me. I mean,
this it it's blowing my mind here what I
just accomplished today from entering in
these two uh standup meeting topics. And
I've also set an automation in place
where they they do this autonomously as
well. They're setting up their own chat
room to communicate with themselves. And
once that's in place, I'm going to be
able to view that chat room in here as a
moderator as well. Now, moving on to
workspaces, right? This is what brings
everything together. As I mentioned
earlier, Clay has its own identity. He
has its own soul. He has its own
identity. He has its own obviously user
context. I didn't give him any context
about me because it was unnecessary for
the bot. It has its own suite of tools
that it has access to any agents that we
assign it to. Right. Memory.
I've I wanted to specifically set up
memory for this uh claybot because I
want it to start remembering
conversations and important dates. and
if it has a conversation with somebody
about something they're working on, it
will check in with them. Right? So, I
really wanted Clay to really be a
hands-on community member. Now, Elon has
its own soul. Now, one distinction I
want to make here is we have Muddy, my
main brain, right? This is where I've
fed countless
countless hours of context into its
memory right here. It's insane how much
I've fed it. Um, that's like the mo
that's that's the main brain, right?
Then we have Elon. We have a soul and
it's based off of right Elon Musk the
person but a mix of certain
characteristics I want to focus on.
Right now the key differentiator here
between Elon and Clay, Clay has his own
heartbeat because I wanted him to have
his own gateway to work out of. Whereas
Elon, Gary, and Warren do not have their
own gateway. They technically are
colllocated with Muddy's gateway, right?
Because they all communicate together.
So, I didn't see a a reason to
complicate the system, at least not yet.
I'm sure this will change with time. But
as of now, the key differentiator right
now between this individual bot that has
its own gateway with its own heartbeat
is Muddy, Elon, Gary, Warren all operate
off of the same gateway. Okay. And
what's really cool is as I improve the
system, I have a rule in place with
Muddy that whatever's done across the
ops dashboard, any new tabs, any
existing tabs, any changes that it makes
that are relevant to an agent workspace,
it updates this workspace so I have a
place to reference how things are built.
Right? And then moving on to the last
one is docs. Currently, I only set up
the documentation for ops because this
is the the the application I'm focused
on most within muddy OS. But real time,
it updates the documentation
as well. Like my agents and my
department heads can reference the
documentation. It can reference
everything within this OS as well. So I
mean I have just been floored by the
capabilities of openclaw. Once you have
that imagination,
almost anything is possible. I just want
to say thank you to Peter. Thank you for
taking the time to build this. Thank you
for making this open source. You're the
goat. You are the goat. You're making
all this possible. Um, yeah. Thank you.
So, if you have any questions at all
about my operating system, about this
ops dashboard, drop a comment below. Let
me know what your question is. Let me
know what you want me to expand on.
And yeah, I'm not an AI expert. I'm
building in public and sharing what
actually works. If you'd like to see me
make a particular video around a
specific topic, drop a comment below.
Let me know who you are, what you do,
who your target audience is, and what
your question is, and I will add a video
to my queue customtailored just for you.
Thank you so much for tuning in today's
video. My name is Marcelo. This is Clear
Mud, and clarity matters.
[music]